Shangguan Yu, you are really petty
If it's really illegal
Are you still bothering Lord Enchantress to clear it?
well known
The eagle wife is the right-hand man of the humble lord
If it weren't for selling the Shangguan family's face
That must be Lord Bongqian
With all due respect
Although the Shangguan family is a century-old family
But not enough to alarm
The qualifications for an adult to marry
Could it be that
Lord Enchantress is really here for the official family
I didn't expect it.
The power of the silent official family is so great
Can you afford to invite a enchantress?
Big shots like adults to support the scene
Miss Guan is still agile
We didn't expect this.
I almost scolded him.
Lord Enchantress
No wonder the official family can be appreciated by the humble lord
Can marry an official
Is it a blessing that our Shangguan family has cultivated over several lifetimes?
It's Linglong
It is your honor for Master Guan to see you
Reflect on it after today
Let's settle this marriage soon
Choose a good day to marry
If you dare to play any tricks again
Don't blame grandma, I don't care about your grandfather and grandson
Lord Enchantress is here
Your time has come to die
Guan Jiayuan Qianqian has seen Lord Yaoqi
Today at this Shangguan family banquet
This person doesn't know how to live or die
How dare you pretend to be a concubine?
It also tarnishes the reputation of adults
Monster Qi would rather order the arrest of this person
Strict interrogation
With the danger in the sky